Add Gauge, Rewaita, Nucleus and NetPeek app (#345)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

- [Echo](https://flathub.org/apps/io.github.lo2dev.Echo) - Simple utility to ping websites `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Hotwire](https://github.com/emmanueltouzery/hotwire) - GUI that leverages the wireshark and tshark infrastructure to capture traffic and explore the contents of tcpdump files `#rust` `#gtk3` `#relm`.

> - [NetPeek](https://flathub.org/apps/io.github.zingytomato.netpeek) - A simple network scanner that helps you discover active devices on your local network `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [NetPeek](https://flathub.org/apps/io.github.zingytomato.netpeek) - Simple network scanner that helps you discover active devices on your local network `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```

- [Binary](https://apps.gnome.org/Binary) - Small application to convert numbers to different bases `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Dippi](https://github.com/cassidyjames/dippi) - Display DPI calculator `#vala` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

> - [Gauge](https://flathub.org/apps/io.github.josephmawa.Gauge) - A high precision unit conversion tool `#javascript` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Gauge](https://flathub.org/apps/io.github.josephmawa.Gauge) - High precision unit conversion tool `#javascript` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```

## Academia and Research

### Chemistry

> - [Nucleus](https://flathub.org/apps/page.codeberg.lo_vely.Nucleus) - View the periodic table of the elements with a variety of properties for each element `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Nucleus](https://flathub.org/apps/page.codeberg.lo_vely.Nucleus) - Periodic table of the elements viewer that lets you explore the properties of each element `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```

- [pulse-flow](https://github.com/benwaffle/pulse-flow) - PulseAudio configuration tool with a flow graph UI `#vala` `#gtk3`.
- [Refine](https://tesk.page/refine) - GNOME Tweaks alternative that lets you tweaks with GNOME settings and try experimental features `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [ReGreet](https://github.com/rharish101/ReGreet) - GTK-based [greetd](https://git.sr.ht/~kennylevinsen/greetd) greeter `#rust` `#gtk4` `#relm4`.

> - [Rewaita](https://flathub.org/apps/io.github.swordpuffin.rewaita) - A utility to recolor Adwaita apps to popular color schemes `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Rewaita](https://flathub.org/apps/io.github.swordpuffin.rewaita) - Utility to recolor Adwaita apps to popular color schemes `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```
